
As done previously, it is
simple to calculate which images can be used for texturing any given
tile $t$ by calculating image projections. With this list of candidate
images, we determine the best one by taking two factors into
account. The first is camera distance relative to the center of tile
$t$, as well as camera angle from the plane's normal. After all, the
main motivation for a separate approach when texturing ceilings and
floors is to obtain good camera distances and angles across the whole
plane, not just for a handful of areas. We objectively calculate these
two factors with the following equation:

XIWORHEOWIEr

The second factor we consider is image reuse. Though image seams are
less problematic with ceilings and floor, it is always preferable to
minimize them where possible. Before finding the best candidate image
using the above equation, we first consider the best candidate image
among those chosen by neighboring tiles. Of course, since our aim is
to only use images where they contribute good textures, we do not want
to blindly use the same texture as neighboring tiles. As a result, we
can set a threshold at which point the images selected by neighboring
tiles will not be reused for the current tile. We generally set this
threshold such that the camera vector must be at under 45 degrees from
the tile's normal vector.  With these two factors balanced, we have
now assigned textures to all parts of our plane, such that each area
of the plane is locally textured by the best camera for its area, with
some preference given for image reuse.




\subsection{Occlusion Masking}
not sure where this section should go. it happens after projections,
discussed in texture mapping overview, but it's definitely more of a
preprocessing step.  Before we proceed with texturing our planes, we
need to ensure that each plane's associated images contain only
content that should be mapped onto the target plane in question. From
the above process, images were chosen such that they had an unoccluded
view of one or more trianglular sections upon a plane. This may not
necessarily hold true however for all areas of the plane, as
demonstrated in figure SOMETHING. If images are not modified to mask
out occluded areas, different images could attempt to cover the same
location on a plane with drastically different textures, inevitably
leading to undesireable discontinuities in our final texture.

Fortunately, by virtue of our indoor environments, the vast majority
of surface geometry is either horizontal or vertical, with high
amounts of right angles. This means that the areas we wish to mask out
of our images due to occlusion are nearly always rectangular
areas. Similar to the triangular tesselation performed for image
association above, we split our image into





